Resource name constraints (3) (#19120)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes.md

## PersistentVolumeClaims

Each PVC contains a spec and status, which is the specification and status of the claim.

> The name of a PVC object must be a valid

Reviewer: This could be:
```suggestion
The name of a PersistentVolumeClaim must be a valid
```
